Adds further information to slurm setup (#270)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/research_tool_docs/vara/add_setup_infos/slurm_setup.rst

This page describes how benchbuild/VaRA experiments can be run on the chair's cluster using slurm.

> As no home directories are not available on the cluster nodes, you must use ``scratch`` instead.

Reviewer: A very bavarian sentence ;)
```suggestion
As no home directories are available on the cluster nodes, you must use ``scratch`` instead.
```

> Setup up a ``virtualenv`` with the tool suite on scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup up a ``virtualenv`` with the tool suite in ``scratch/<user>``.
```
I think this is more clear
